load current channel's playlists onLoad - done
clean up functions, flow, and argument names -done
display warning if the channel has no playlists/videos - done
improve error handling - somewhat done/ in progress
figure out initial view (when no channels selected) - DONE
figure our pagination/long scroll to return all channel results - done

add About page

when changing channels reset the current video and videos - DONE

figure out a way to launch full screen automatically (investigate the player callbacks) - can't be done at this point

install and configure Google tag manager - in progress

figure out how to use ShouldComponentUpdate for better performance

put out the message that IE 11 and below not supported - check other versions

add Facebook and Twitter meta tags (and image) - done

add Close button to search results modal - done

BUGS:

Chrome bug - when playing playlist - Unhandled Rejection (TypeError): Cannot read property 'standard' of undefined - DONE



--------------------------------------------------- Launch message -------------------------------------------

ATTN: Parents/caregivers with young kids. 

I'd like to introduce you to a Kid Safe Video Viewer app that I developed in the last couple of months. First, let me tell you why I developed it.
Henry (3 1/2) loves watching 'Blippi' on YouTube. Since we both work from home, one of us would pick a video for him to watch and get back to work. Unfortunately, 
at some point YouTube would start playing videos that we didn't necessarily approve of, and since we weren't in the room we wouldn't notice it right away. 
Also, Henry is a pretty smart boy and of course he figured out how to use the remote as well.
He also figured out how to choose his own videos to watch - often from the list of suggested/related videos. This was getting frustrating! 
I figured there must be a way to control what the kids are watching.
So I built an app that allows parents/caregivers to load up to 3 channels of their choice and only play videos from those channels and playlists.  

Right now it's a web app - you have to use it with your browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari). However, if there is interest, I will create a native Android/iOS app as well.

I'd like to ask you to give it a try and let me know of any issues or if you have any suggestions on how to make it better. My goal is to make an easy-to-use, 
fast app that can be enjoyed daily and create a safe YouTube viewing experience for our children.

The url for the app is https://kidsafevideos

Cheers!

